Retry transaction also for SQLITE_BUSY (#23243)
directus/directus: .changeset/stale-eyes-complain.md

---

> '@directus/api': patch
> ---
> 
> For `sqlite` retry a failed transaction when SQLITE_BUSY happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@directus/api': minor
---

Added transaction retry mechanism for sqlite if a `SQLITE_BUSY` errors occurs
```
